Chapter One
===========

In this chapter, you will be implementing the basis of our LinkedUp app, which has only two pages. The routes for these pages are already in place.

- `/ch1/people`: Displays a list of people the user knows.
- `/ch1/people/{id}`: Displays details about a given person.

The views have been prepared with static HTML and you are tasked with wiring these views up to data, making them dynamic.

> You can find resource files for this chapter under `guides/chapter-1`.

---

Start by implementing the data model which is described by `chapter-1/linkedup-data-model.pdf`. You'll need to implement the migration, factories, seeds, and models. The files required are all in place and you are tasked with finishing them out.

Use the following command to run the migrations and seed the database. You can run this command any time in order to rebuild the application's state and to test your migration code.

```
$ docker-compose exec app php artisan migrate:refresh --seed
```

---

Once you have the data model implemented, finish the chapter by wiring and routing data into the views, making them dynamic. Reference `chapter-1/linkedup-ux-guide.pdf` to understand the the expected user flow and experiences.

At this point, a user should be able to see a list of people, which was randomly generated by our seeds and factories. Selecting a person should display that persons details, including an address or colleagues if available.

You're all done! Commit your changes and move onto `03-chapter-2.md`.
